Maybe, this is the year
I finally finish this race.
You've run it before?
No, he runs it every year,
but just the beginning of it.
I've never crossed the finish line,
what with Murphy's Law and all.
I just can't carry everything
I need to combat it,
while I'm running.
That's why you guys
are carrying my backpack.
No problem. So, what have
we got to work with?
Let's see.
Bandages, electrolyte snacks,
a bottle of sun block, as big as my head.
Also, dissolvable sleeping bags.
A metal detector. And a stuffed elephant?
Those things may
or may not make sense later.
-When?
-Well, I don't know.
It's just that,
anything that can go wrong...
[both] Will go wrong!
But not today.
We'll get ahead on our bikes, scope out
any situations and be ready for you.
-With a stuffed elephant.
-[toy squeaks]
You guys'll have the backpack,
and I'll have my motivational
mantras like this one...
Don't stop swimming or you'll die.
Or maybe, that's just sharks.
Did you read that in this book?
Inspirational Shark Mantras?
Yeah, sharks are surprisingly
positive thinkers.
[announcer] Ready!
-Set. Go, runners!
-[bell rings]
Oops! Gotta go. You know what they say,
"If everyone's running,
they're probably running from you."
-Another shark mantra?
-Or maybe, a Milo mantra.
Whoops! Sorry!
It's gonna be a long race.
Can't believe we're stuck
with Cavendish and Dakota's nut mission.
We can check it off in a couple hours
and then get back to saving the world.
So, how does selling pistachios keep them
from becoming extinct in the future?
We just stand here and make sure
nothing happens to the shipment.
So, we're nut guards.
Seed sentries.
Legume lookouts.
-They're not legumes.
-[mocking] "They're not legumes!"
That's what you sound like.
Race for Runts.
So, they're raising money for dogs
that are smaller than other dogs?
I guess, they gotta buy them
more food so they can grow.
Yes.
Well, we can't let pistachio survive
and take over the world.
So, we have to stop Brick and Savannah.
This is not going to be easy.
Yeah, but it's better than cleaning
outhouses in the Renaissance.
All you ever hear about are the paintings,
they don't tell you about the stench.
Oh, hi. Hey, Cavendish, Dakota!
-Oh, hello, Murphy.
-Hey, Murphy.
Uh-oh!
[screams] Murphy's Law!
-[Cavendish screams]
-Where are we going? When are we going?
[both grunt]
Hmm.
Looks like we've traveled to the 1870s.
-Hey, you're finally in style.
-[grunts]
OK, let's pull a u-ey and go back.
Howdy, there, partners.
Oh, [clears throat] hello, um...
We're just passing through, don't mind us.
Oh, I don't mind nothing.
If I spent time minding things,
I'd be minding all the time.
[neighs]
[engine whirring]
Uh, won't. Now it won't start.
We're stuck!
The future is doomed
and the Renaissance potties
are going to have to clean themselves.
Well, if we're gonna be
stuck here for a bit,
maybe we should get some new outfits
so we can blend in.
Uh. Well, I guess, just me.
[all cheering]
[both] Go, Milo!
-How are you feeling?
-Great!
Just a little thirsty.
[eagle screaming]
Throw me my towel.
OK, heads up, Milo.
[gasps]
No, not a trowel. A towel!
Oh, sorry, that makes much more sense.
Milo, bridge ahead!
[bird chirps]
Get the discus and the bandage ready.
Watch out!
The discus, throw it at the lever.
[grunts]
Amazing, Milo. What were you
gonna do with the bandage?
Oh, yeah, I've got a blister. Thanks.
[both] Oh!
So, how soon before I can
start saying, "Reckon?"
Preferably, never.
We just have to fix our time machine
and get back to the future to stop
Brick and Savannah
from saving those pistachios.
I reckon I need more thread.
See, it sounds so cool when he says it.
How are we gonna find parts for a car
built 150 years in the future?
Did I hear 150 years in the future?
Oh, hello, Sherriff. Murphy, is it?
Oh, funny, as in Murphy's law.
Well, I am a Murphy and I am the law.
I reckon, you are.
Hear that? I said, "Reckon."
Reckon you are.
[screams]
Whoa! Look at that.
Good thing it's not Sunday.
New clothes, eh?
Phillip here, is the best tailor
in these here parts.
Of course, he is the only one.
If y'all are from the future,
I reckon that means you're time travelers.
[both mumbling]
We get a lot of those down here.
-[together] You do?
-They hang out at the So So Corral.
Best saloon in these here parts.
Of course, it's also the only one.
Place is just down the street.
This street, that is.
The only street.
If there are time travelers here,
they may have the parts we need.
I wonder if they have cold pressed juice.
It's 1875!
What? You think juice is new?
They had fruit in the past.
Hang on, are we sure, that this is the...
What's that now?
I said, are we sure that
this is the right overpass?
Oh. No.
We've got an overpass demo, up ahead.
What do you think, you'll need?
I don't know, use your instincts.
I'm thinking, "Inflatable Santa."
-What would he do with that?
-What does he ever do with it?
You can do it, guys!
The only thing we have to fear is harpoons
and feeding frenzies.
Enough with the shark mantras.
Too obvious, too weird, too egg beater-y.
I have no more instincts.
I'm running on fumes, here.
Both good mantras.
What if we can't get you
to the finish line? Wait, Milo.
Come on, guys.
It's time to go full Megalodon.
Nothing can break your bones
when you're cartilaginous.
That's not a seal, that's a surfer.
You really gotta get another mantra book.
And that's when we realized,
we were stuck here.
And that's how it happened to us, too.
Hang on, all of you are time travelers
who got stuck here?
[indistinct blabbering]
The only person I know personally,
who's really from here
is Sherriff Murphy, personally.
Sherriff Murphy, that's it! He's a Murphy,
and he's the law. He is...
The original Murphy's Law!
You're a real conclusion stealer,
you know that?
That man is Milo's great, great,
great, great grandfather!
That's why this place is like
a time travel Bermuda Triangle, so...
So, all of you are stranded
here like us, huh?
So, what happened to your time machines?
[Dakota] Wow.
These are some snazzy vehicles.
How come, we always get stuck
with the outdated lemon?
Well, because the last time
they gave us a new car,
we destroyed Earth's second moon.
-I, uh...
-You're sure
that you can't get any of them working?
Personally, I stopped looking for the gas.
I like it here, personally.
Oh, yeah. Me, too.
Our machine needed batteries.
Diesel fuel.
Mine takes gingerbread lattes.
Your time machine uses
gingerbread lattes for power?
Well, not exclusively.
All the holiday flavors are used.
[Christmas bells jingling]
Uh. What are we going to do?
We're gonna be stuck here
like these people for all eternity.
Chewing straw and saying, "Reckon" a lot.
Ooh! That does feel good.
-Eh, reckon.
-Reckon.
[dramatically] Reckon.
[together] Yes.
But if we don't get back, the future
will be ruined by those plants.
Well, I suppose there is the possibility
that Brick and Savannah will fail
the mission just like we always did.
-Ooh, never mind. No!
-Yeah, that's not going to happen.
[horse neighing]
[engine sputtering]
Every moment we're stuck here,
we come closer to a pistachio
dominated future.
Maybe, we can find
a working starter switch
in one of those abandoned machines
and jerry-rig it?
Capital idea. Let's push.
[banjo playing]
Eh, let me give you a hand getting that
to the time machine junk yard.
Ah. Why, thank you.
Oh. Wait. No.
Don't help. Murphy's law.
[donkey braying]
Ah!
[screaming]
Hey, hey,
if we get them running fast enough,
our old, crummy, standard transmission
will let us bump start.
We just pop the clutch
and it should start.
Oh! You're right.
Whoa!
Pop it!
[engine starts]
[both] Yes!
Why did they...
[screaming]
Since we're going to die anyway,
I'd like to air some grievances.
Yes! Ye-hess!
Well, safe travels, now.
Oh, say hello to my great, great,
great, great grandkids.
[dramatic music playing]
[Zack] Uh-oh.
Lot of possible hazards, here.
Dig deep.
Rubber cement glue,
fistful of pebbles and a nail scissor.
Badminton racket,
tin foil ball, picture frame.
Bacon bits, stapler, paint thinner.
I don't know. I just don't know.
He's almost here.
Game over, man!
We're finished.
-[bell dings]
-Finished.
[both] I have an idea.
Well, nuts are still safe.
Yep. Still safe.
[Dakota] Look out!
The steering is gone.
[Dakota] Well, we are in mid-air.
[Milo panting] I have to...
[gasping] Finish.
Just a little...
[panting] Further...
We destroyed the pistachios.
Mission accomplished.
[panting]
[gasp] So...
So close.
Milo! Over here.
[panting]
You guys have a backup finish line!
[laughing] Ha-ha! Brilliant.
Milo, one-oh-one.
Always have a backup.
[dramatic victory music]
-Yes, yes, we did it. We did it.
-We did it!
-And also you.
-You too, Milo. You finished.
-You finished!
-Yes!
That's right.
But you guys built this pretty fast
and we should probably
get out from under here.
Aw, nuts.
[mockingly] "Aw, nuts."
That's what you sound like.
♪ We're all livin' in it ♪
♪ Go, Milo Go, Milo, go ♪
♪ Oh, thanks, everybody
That is so motivational ♪
♪ Go, Milo Go, Milo, go ♪
♪ Whoa ♪
♪ I'm not sitting here
Watching the world turn ♪
♪ You know I'd rather spin it ♪
♪ Go, Milo Go, Milo, go ♪
♪ It's my world
and we're all livin' in it ♪